INNO GROUP’S STATEMENT OF PRIVACY PROTECTION

Inno Group attaches great importance to protecting your privacy. Before using the services or apps provided by Inno Group, please read carefully the following statements.
In order to provide more accurate and well-targeted services, Inno Group may use personal information submitted by you in the manners mentioned below; nevertheless, Inno Group will treat such information with a high level duty of diligence. Without your permission, Inno Group will not disclose such information or provide such information to any third party.

Protecting YOUR Privacy

It is Inno Group’s principle to respect the privacy of the personal information of our users. Inno Group will take reasonable measures to protect user’s personal information, without disclosing such information to any third party other than its Partners (without the consent of the user), unless such disclosure is (i) required by law, court order or competent government departments or (ii) agreed to by the user. Exceptions will be applied if the user selects to accept such disclosures during the registration process (where applicable), or is otherwise stipulated on the disclosure or use of a user’s personal information between the user and DU Group and its Partners. The user shall bear any risks that may arise from any authorized disclosure of a user’s personal information. For the operation and improvement of DU Group’s technologies and services, Inno Group may collect and use the non-personal information of its users, or provide such information to third parties, in order to provide better user experience and improve the quality of our services.

Collection of Information

Inno Group may collect your personal information when you voluntarily opt to use our services, apps or provide us with your personal information. We may use your personal information to communicate with you, and may send certain mandatory service communications to you, such as notification, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Inno Group and its affiliates. Your download, installation and use of the software shall be deemed to constitute consent to our use of your personal information.
In addition, your download, installation and use of products/service from Inno Group and its affiliates, shall be deemed that you have expressly provided your consent to Inno Group for disclosure of personal information to Inno Group's partners and/or affiliates "Partners").
In the event you submit feedback to us via our e-mail address, didikee@outlook.com, we may collect and use certain of personal information you provide to us, including your e-mail address, which we may use to operate and improve our website and product(s)] and deliver the service or carry out improvements you have requested. These uses may include providing you with more effective customer service; making the sites, products or services easier to use.